update mbjs-react (#499)
Mintbase/mintbase-js: packages/react/README.md

## properties:

> **contractAddress** (not mandatory): `If you set this it will login the user using Limited Access Keys,set with your near contract address / your mintbase store address`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**contractAddress** (optional): `If you set this it will connect the user using Limited Access Keys, set with your near contract address / your mintbase store address`
```

Reviewer 2: I would change the order of the scentences like so: 
`Your near contract address / your mintbase store address. If you set this, it will connect the user using Limited Access Keys.`
